node/rpc-server/query_global_state: make state_identifier optional (#4086)
casper-network/casper-node: node/CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed
* Now possible to build outside a git repository context (e.g. from a source tarball). In such cases, the node's build version (as reported vie status endpoints) will not contain a trailing git short hash.

### Changed

> * The `state_identifier` parameter of the `query_global_state` JSON-RPC method is now optional. If no `state_identifier` is specified, the highest block known to the node will be used to fulfil the request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `state_identifier` parameter of the `query_global_state` JSON-RPC method is now optional. If no `state_identifier` is specified, the highest complete block known to the node will be used to fulfill the request.
```

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/casper-network/casper-node/pull/4086/commits/8e56abc611433cd59134e5374b02cc7d4be77ed2
